[MISC] Update all links to use HTTPS whenever possible. (#676)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/99-appendices/02-licenses.md

| Identifier | License name                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
| ------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| PD         | Public Domain                                          | No license required for any purpose; the work is not subject to copyright in any jurisdiction.                                                                                                                   |
| PDDL       | Open Data Commons Public Domain Dedication and License | License to assign public domain like permissions without giving up the copyright: [https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/pddl/](https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/pddl/)                                         |

> | CC0        | Creative Commons Zero 1.0 Universal.                   | Use this if you are a holder of copyright or database rights, and you wish to waive all your interests in your work worldwide: [https://opendatacommons.org/licenses/cc0/](https://creativecommons.org/about/cc0) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| CC0        | Creative Commons Zero 1.0 Universal.                   | Use this if you are a holder of copyright or database rights, and you wish to waive all your interests in your work worldwide: [https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) |
```
